Add deprecation warning for v1 of the kubernetes operator (#718)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/ops-v2-migration.mdx

# HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes v2 Migration Guide

> ~> **Warning**: Version 1 of the HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes is **deprecated** and is no longer maintained. If you are installing the operator for the first time, refer to [Set up the HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/setup) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Warning**: Version 1 of the HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes is **deprecated** and no longer maintained. If you are installing the operator for the first time, refer to [Set up the HCP Terraform Operator for Kubernetes](/terraform/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/setup) for guidance.
```
